Just like the surface, the underwater world doesn't have much more to offer than basic plants. While they do play an important role in many of the planet's eco-systems, they're not that spectacular to look at.
The underwater plants are also very basic. The steps to higher, more specialized organisms are slowly being taken, but it will take thousands of years before we'll be able to see much variation in the planet's underwater life.
The underwater plants too are not much more than the very basic lifeforms you'd expect on young planets, but their colors are suprisingly varied and bright. A handful of species is already showing the first steps to higher organism forms, but they have still a long way to go.
Corals, although very basic, can be found all over the planet's oceans, seas and lakes. While they lack the bright colors and odd shapes you'd find on Earth's corals, they do have the makings of a varied aquatic wildlife, with an abundance of gorgeous species. 
Weeds are pretty much the only water plant you'll find on this planet. Corals are non-existant and other forms of aquatic plants have yet to develop. But the weeds are gorgeous in their unique way. Whole forests of long, grass-like weeds give the ocean depths an eerie feel.
Similar to the surface, the underwater world has little more to offer than basic lifeforms. However, this planet has an astonishing water world. Almost everything is covered in a type of sea-grass. This grass varies in length depending on the region, but they're all part of the same species. But what's probably more surprising are the 'flowers' you'll find in these fields of sea-grass. These flowers can only be described as primitive soft corals, but they're neither coral nor plant.
Surprisingly, the underwater world of this planet has an abudance of primitive hard corals, but soft corals are extremely rare and only found in very specific regions. The hard corals are mostly nothing more than a shell with a flower-like organism growing out of it, which filters nutrients out of the ocean. But these hard corals already make for a gorgeous underwater world, despite them being all fairly similar to each other.
While the surface of this planet has a decent variety of basic lifeforms, the waterworld has little more to offer beyond a large variety of algae. However, they come in so many different shapes and sizes, they may one day be the only type of plant-like organism in this planet's water world. While they don't grow in a large variety of colors, there's still something oddly beautiful about a huge field of grass-like algae or a forest of long, tentacle algae.
Basic life forms are also the only thing you'll find in this planet's underwater world. Seaweeds, algae and a few dozen soft corals are scattered in very specific areas of this world, while everything else is eerily empty. But these vast areas of emptyness make the overgrown fields of soft corals and weeds all the more gorgeous.
While the underwater world on this planet might not have any advanced plants or corals, their sheer numbers are astonishing. Almost everything in the shallower depth is covered in weeds, soft corals, hard corals and anything in between. Now it's just a matter of time to see which will develop and specialize the fastest and which species will perish in this fight.
