Despite the large amount different species, none of them have developed much beyond their basic form. So while their colors and shapes are different, they have all yet to develop into more specialized organisms.
While their colors, shapes and in some cases their scents may be wonderful, none of these organisms have developed beyond a more basic form. Some are on the right path, but it will take a while before we can see thorned or poisonous species on this planet. 
With the exception of a handful of species, none of them have developed into anything advanced. Most species still rely on simple photosynthesis to survive. A few species do have the basic beginnings of thorns and specialized leaves though, but it will be a long time before those are fully developed.
These organisms may not be much more than the very basics of life as we know it, they make gorgeous landscapes nonetheless. It makes you wonder how amazing this planet will be in even 10,000 years. 
Although diverse in colors, shapes and sizes, none of the organisms have developed much. Most are still in a very crude form and those that did start to develop specialized parts have still a long way to go. 
These organisms may seem impressive based on their aesthetics, but they're far from impressive based on their development, as most, if not all, have yet to develop beyond their very basic forms.
Hidden among the countless of species lacking any form of advancement beyond their basic forms, are a few hidden gems beginning to show the first steps to more specialized species. The beginnings of thorns and specialized leaves can already be seen in a handful of species.
The species on this planet may not be much more than the first steps to specialized species, this doesn't take anything away from their astonishing beauty and elegance.
Despite not being much more than the first baby steps to higher, more specialized species, the species on this planet already show great promise in terms of diversity and characteristics we've never seen before.
In terms of development and specialization the species on this planet aren't very impressive, but their shapes and colors make for astonishing natural works of art and many already show great promise of a highly specialized natural balance for the distant future.
