Many of these organisms have developed unique ways to prevent them from being eaten. While many of them taste bad and a few are even poisonous, some have gone the extra mile and have become hard to digest. Any part of them that does get eaten and manages to survive an animal's digestion will often end up regrowing from that small piece, which now has plenty of nutrients from the animal's poop.
While most organisms don't have to fear being completely destroyed when eaten by animals, some have made sure they will survive either way. Some will prevent being eaten by tasting horrible, by growing thorns or by being poisonous. But there are a handful of species who, in a way, need to be eaten. When an animal begin eaten these species, they will release the seeds around the eaten area, which are either swept away with the wind or get stuck on the animal to be taken away and thus ensure the species can continue to grow in other areas.
Almost all organisms want to prevent being eaten and many do so by growing thorns or excreting horrible tasting fluids, but there's one species which, in a way, needs to be eaten to make sure the species survives. Once this species has grown to a mature size, it will stop regrowing. Instead it will begin storing energy, which makes it more appealing to animals. Once animals begin eating it and eat enough of it, the energy stored deep within will be transferred to all the seeds, which will be released simultaneously. The seeds get stuck to the animals, who are too busy eating the parent, and are taken with them. The extra energy stored within them will give a temporary growth boost in the vital first weeks.
Organisms obviously don't want to be eaten and try to do everything they can to survive, but many species on this planet have turned the tables by eating animals and even each other. Some use trap systems to catch the animals, while others slowly grow around and strangle each other. But perhaps the most impressive killer is the species which kills its attackers. When an animal begins eating this species, it will retaliate by excreting small amounts of poison. If the animal eats enough of it, it will collapse where it stands, which, if it doesn't get dragged away by other animals, will give the soil around it more nutrients. 
Many organisms use the common tricks to prevent being eaten, like tasting bad, being poisonous or by growing thorns. But there is one species which has taken thorns to the next level. They can generally be divided into two groups. The first uses its thorns to spread itself to other areas, because inside those thorns, which get stuck in animals, are seeds, ready to be taken to another area. The second group uses the thorns purely for defense and is capable of using them as projectiles. If an animal eats too much of this species, it will bombarded the animal with thorns.
Surviving is always high on the list of priorities of any organism, which includes reproducing. The organisms on this planet have taken this to a gorgeous next level. Almost all of them are bioluminescent, which means they glow in the dark. These lights will attract animals, who will spread the seeds and pollen one way or another. However, perhaps the most intriguing part is that each color or color combination is appealing to different groups of animals, creating an awesome, nighttime eating balance. 
Attracting animals to help with pollination and reproduction is usually done with smells and bright colors, but most species on this planet do it a little different. Sound is by far the most preferred way to attract animals and it can lead to some of the most spectacular natural orchestras. Some species let the wind blow between specialized openings which create special sounds. Others produce sound with specialized mechanisms, usually in the form of clapping, which can be compared to how a Venus flytrap catches its prey.
Reproducing is the most important aspect to ensure the survival of a species. While many species use seeds or forms of pollination to reproduce, others simply grow into more copies of itself, all connected to one parent. However, a few species on this planet do it a little different. Some of them excrete their seeds through their roots, back into the water they normally absorb, allowing the water to carry the seeds further. Some species grow into multiple seeds from the moment they begin growing as a seed themselves. But perhaps the most impressive species is the one that grows around other species and uses their growing seeds and modifies them to become seeds of its own. 
Survival of the fittest is not something this planet is unfamiliar with. But one species might take this a little extreme. While most weak organisms are killed by other, stronger species, this species kills its own weak. Once they've grown to a mature size and are ready to produce seeds, these species begin by growing against each other, strangling the other and using specialized thorns to inject seeds into the other. The weakest will die and be used as nutrients for the seeds inside it. However, if two of them are equally matched, both of them could be injected and thus become food for the other's offspring. 
Reproduction is usually done by either using seeds to grow new organisms, pollination or by simply growing into multiples while either being connected to the parents or disconnecting after being fully grown. Most species on this planet follow these methods as well, with the exception of a few. Instead of taking a risk of wasting energy on seeds or growing into multiples of itself or instead of risking not being pollinated, these species have become specialized in taking over others. They grow onto other species, inject their roots into them and use their nutrients to either produce seeds or to modify the host into the hosted.
Most plant-like organisms tend to grow in one place or at least float around in water, but a small amount of species on this planet isn't content with this, mainly due to the risk of a lack of nutrients in the soil around it. So instead these species try to attach themselves to small animals. Their survival has a better chance if they manage to intertwine with a furry animal for more grasp. After they've attached themselves to an animal, it will use dirt, dead skin and anything else that may fall on the animal's skin as nutrients, but some may even pierce the skin to take nutrients from the animal's blood. 
Being eaten often means the end of an individual organism or at least the part that has been eaten, but a few species on this planet have become very resilient. Whether eaten whole or in large enough pieces, these species will continue to grow and repair itself. Some will be pooped out and grow wherever it lands, with the added bonus of free nutrients from that poop. Others have become specialized in being patient and resisting acid. While in an animal's stomach, these species will transform. They'll go into what's essentially a hibernation mode, shielding themselves from the effects of stomach acids and the lack of of sunlight. Here they will wait patiently, perhaps occasionally using food in the stomach as nutrients, until the day the animal dies and thus the stomach loses its acidity. It will then begin to grow again with plenty of nutrients around it from the dead animal.
Nutrients are always needed but not always around, so organisms have to find ways to get them. Common ways are using different roots to find them in deep or shallow grounds or even stealing them from others, but on this planet many species have found a different balance. Unlike most plants on Earth who tend to only produce oxygen and nutrients, usually in the form of sugars, for itself, the organisms on this planet also produce other forms of nutrients for itself, usually for different purposes. These processes often lead to many byproducts which it doesn't need and are thus discarded. These discarded products are exactly what other species need to live and in turn produce byproducts it discards for the other organisms, leading to a delicate balance.
When nutrients are scarce, many organisms have methods of storing those nutrients for times of need. Some have become so specialized in this they can go for very long times without the need of additonal food, to then stock up when nutrients are available. However, some species on this planet didn't develop such methods. Instead, they simply take what they need, whenever they need it, from wherever they can. If nutrients aren't available in the ground, it will take them from others, including its own kind. This has occasionally lead to the survival of this species, but the downfall of another. 
Surviving is usually extremely difficult, especially when nutrients are scarce and you have to choose between growing or reproducing. One species on this planet has developed a nifty method to prepare for this. Once full matured, this species will split into 2 versions of itself and attached to each other, so it's essentially reproducing. Once those 2 are fully grown, they newly grown version will either detach itself if enough nutrients are available or it becomes a storage unit for the original, if nutrients are scarce. If nutrients continue to be scarce, the original will use slowly consume the nutrients in the new version in the hope that new nutrients become available again and it can repeat the cycle.
