mostly trees and bushes, with only a handful of flowers, but no fungi species. The trees and bushes come in all sorts of forms, both tiny and huge.
almost exclusively trees, with some bushes and shrubs. Flowers can be seen on occasions, but they're rare. Fungi and grasses are almost non-existent.
almost exclusively shrubs, bushes and other low plants, with some flowers, fungi and a handful of small tree species. mostly bushes, shrubs and flowers, with a good amount of fungi and grasses but very few tree species. The shrubs are the dominant organism on this planet as they grow fast and wide, with many different shapes, sizes and colors.
dominated by large fungi and flowers, but there are some trees and shrubs as well. The flowers come in almost every color imaginable, but they tend to be fairly small. The fungi on the other hand, they reach incredible heights, but are usually fairly pale in color.
almost all huge, towering trees, high above a layer of various shrubs, grasses and flowers. The trees can and often will completely block out light, which sometimes leads to a fairly empty ground layer, full of dead leaves.
various types of flower, shrub, bush and tree species. The latter of which dominates slightly. Fungi make up a good part of the bottom layers. 
exclusively various types of fungi. Many are small, much like you'd find on Earth. But others are towering high above the clouds, similar to trees on Earth.
exclusively different types of flowers. They come in all shapes and sizes, some are small and single stemmed, like you'd expect to find on Earth. But others are more like bushes, shrubs and even trees.
primarily shrubs and smaller trees, supported by small flowers, grasses and fungi on the bottom layer. Tall trees make up only a small portion of plant life on this planet.
almost entirely made up of bushes and shrubs, in all shapes and sizes, some can grow to incredible heights. They're supported by grasses and fungi on the bottom layers, but there are almost no flower species and trees do not exist on this planet.
almost exclusively types of grass. They can reach incredible heights due to the strength of some species, while others would be barely noticeable on the floor, if not for their spectacular colors. Shrubs, bushes and flowers are also fairly prominent, but fungi and trees are nearly non-existent.
spread thinly and mostly made up out of a huge amount of different types of bushes. Each of which has the ability to absorb nutrients from a huge area around it, leaving nothing for other species. This leads to many different types of shapes and sizes, as well as colors and scents, due to the different nutrients in each area.
made up of millions of flowers. Their combined colors and scents make for an amazing spectacle, but they leave little space for other species, which is why there are only very few bush and shrub species. Fungi, grasses and trees are non-existent.
mostly different types of grass, but they could be compared to flowers, as they come in almost every color and they have incredible scents. Trees and larger shrubs make up most of the higher layers, but flowers, fungi and bushes are nearly non-existent.
almost entirely made up of grasses and bushes, both of which work together to reach the nutrients they need. Their intertwined growth leads to spectacular shapes and colors, but they leave almost no nutrients for other species. So only small flowers and some fungi manage to live of what's left. Trees and shrubs are non-existent.
dominated by various types of grass, but they only reach short heights. However, they're the cause flowers and fungi are non-existent on this planet, as they absorb all the shallow nutrients. Trees, bushes and shrubs thrive well, as they can reach the deeper nutrients. They reach incredible heights, especially the trees, who sometimes block out too much light for the lower layers.
mostly small shrubs, flowers and grasses, all of which have spectacular colors, but they tend to remain quite small. Trees are spread thinly, but they tend to grow very wide, allowing them to store plenty of nutrients for when they smaller species bloom and take most of the nutrients in the ground.
trees and lots of them. Oddly enough, trees are the only plant-like organism on this planet, but they come in a huge variety of shapes and sizes. The smallest can be compared to that of Bonsai trees and they grow in huge numbers. Due to their numbers the only other nutrients left in the soil are those deep in the ground, which lead to most other types of trees to become either enormously tall or very wide.
mostly tall shrubs and trees, many of which have a surprising amount of different colors. Some even have strong scents. The small amount of flowers that do exist share these characteristics, but almost all of them are tiny. While there are a good amount of fungi on this planet, most of them have little to no color, but they have the strongest scent of all organisms, most of which are horrible.
shrubs, shrubs and more shrubs. They come in various shapes and sizes, but none of them reach heights above 2-3 meters (6.5-10ft). While most roughly share the same characteristics, some manage to stand out with different colors, scents, shapes and even textures.
almost exclusively made up of bushes. While flowers, shrubs and a few trees do exist, fungi are nowhere to be found. The bushes managed to dominate the planet and have done so by growing in a huge variety of shapes and sizes. One species grows so big they appear to be dozens, sometimes even hundreds of bushes, but it's actually just one enormous bush.
bushes, with a few flowers and smaller shrubs mixed in. Trees are non-existent and fungi are so rare they might as well be. However, the bushes can grow in odd shapes and reach unexpected heights. Some can be confused for trees from afar, while others look like a group of flowers from up close. The few flower species that do exist emit incredible scents, while the shrubs tend to be hidden in plain sight, as they often look like a bush.
mostly many types of fungi, but there are a good amount of bushes, shrubs and trees as well. Flowers, on the other hand, are almost non-existent, which is hard to tell, as many fungi species can be confused for flowers due to their shapes and colors, especially when looked at from a distance. But not all fungi species are small and colorful, some can reach incredible heights and may on occasion even surpass the height of the local trees.
made up of fungi, flowers and tiny trees. Shrubs and bushes are non-existent, although some trees look enough like shrubs, so they could be classified as such. The fungi and flowers live in harmony with one another, which leads to interesting, intertwined growth patterns.
mostly consist of large fungi and trees, with a few dozen flower species, but almost no grass species and bushes are non-existent. The trees are fairly similar to what you'd find on Earth, but the fungi are completely different. Most of them are huge and colorful. Despite their obvious differences, the fungi tend to mimic the overall shape of trees. Some even have branch-like tentacle growths, but with tiny hairs instead of leaves.
an odd balance of smaller trees, shrubs, grasses and flowers. Each of which is almost entirely made up of pest-like species, with a tendency to completely overgrow everything, were it not for their competitor pests to keep them in check. In the midst of these pest battles, fungi, bushes and some nonpest flowers and grasses manage to grow quite successfully.
mostly flowers, grasses and odd types of fungi. These species make up the lower organism layers, but many of them are eerily similar to each other to the point of being almost indistinguishable. Trees, in many different sizes, make up most of the upper layers, but there are some species of shrubs and bushes as well.
made up of trees and flowers, with only a few dozen of grass species, even less bush species and almost no brush and fungi species. Although the grass species are few in number, they grow fast and cover wide areas. The trees and flowers cover a lot more though and because they use up most of the nutrients, other species like shrubs and fungi haven't been able to reach higher numbers.
made up of tall grasses and flowers, with even taller fungi and huge trees. Shrubs are non-existent and bushes are so rare they might as well be. While flowers come in more shapes and colors than grasses, they both share a wide variety of scents, most of which are related to the nutrients in their area. The fungi are tall, strong and, like the grasses and flowers, scented. The trees are also scented, but it's much harder to detect.
