The aquatic life too is full of wonders. Highly specialized plants, which closely resemble the corals of Earth, cover nearly everything in the not too deep waters. Their colors are bright and numerous, something they share with the Earth corals. But their shapes and sizes are far beyond anything ever seen on Earth or anywhere else we've discovered.
Corals, or what closely resembles corals, cover the bottoms of almost every body of water, both lakes and oceans. Their beauty and the unique properties of this planet's waters make for some of the most impressive natural spectacles.
The water plants on this planet are very different from what we're used to on Earth. While they roughly share the same colors, or lack thereof, these plants have developed into mostly flesh eating species. Almost no aquatic creature is safe, even the bigger ones can sometimes get caught in these death traps.
Although most of the water on this planet is fresh, the water plants did develop into what is perhaps more closely related to corals than to plants. These highly specialized species roughly resemble what we're used to in the oceans of Earth, but are only seen in fresh water on very rare occasions, which makes the species on this planet all the more intriguing.
The wonders seen on the surface are also seen underwater. A huge variety of corals and aquatic plants have made their home in the waters of this planet, both living in harmony with each other, at least in most cases. Some species have developed into more aggressive forms, effectively trying to force their species wherever there's water for them. This has lead to the decline of some other species, but also to the rise of new, specialized predators.
The wonderful diversity is not unique to life on the surface. Life underwater has also given birth to a wide variety of corals and aquatic plants. While corals are in the vast majority, it's the plants that have developed into the most unique and beautiful species on this planet. Their colors are oddly diverse, something we don't really see on Earth. But it sure makes for an amazing spectacle.
The coral underwater are perhaps more astonishing than the organisms on the surface, which is because they look almost the same, especially from a distance. The corals underwater have the same shapes as the surface organisms, almost as if they want to mimic them as closely as they can. But these shapes server their purpose. Much like the trees on Earth grow leafed branches, the corals on this planet grow to huge size and have branches with specialized polyps.
The aquatic organisms aren't very large in numbers, but they are huge in size. They can grow to sizes of nearly 100 meters (328ft) and a diameter of up to 5 meters (16ft). These underwater giants give this aquatic world an eerie atmosphere as you never know what could lurk behind that pillar. But at the same time, they provide homes to thousands of species on all depths, which makes studying even 1 giant coral an absolute delight.
There may be plenty of wonders on the surface, but the wonders don't stop once you delve into the deep waters of this planet. The plants of the deeps are nomadic, which means almost none of them grow in one place. Instead, most species float and drift with the currents. They let the water carry them to the nutrients. Some species will constantly float the surface, but many of the other species have developed ways to dive when needed.
Hidden in the depths of this planet's water are many gorgeous corals. Almost every species is completely different from the other. Hundreds, if not thousands of shapes and sizes and countless of colors make the underwater world an amazing spectacle. However, finding these spectacles is difficult, as they only seem to grow in very specific places with the right conditions.
Soft corals and various aquatic plants make up the plant-like life of the oceans on this planet. However, due to the unique properties of the water, many of these plants and corals have developed strange shapes and grow only to short sizes, with the exception of a handful of giant species.
Aquatic plants are almost non-existent on this planet. Instead, life is limited almost exclusively to hard corals. Their rock-like skeletons offer a great deal of protection, but it's sometimes near impossible to tell where one coral starts and the other ends, let alone where coral meets rock. But their bright colors are bioluminescent, which makes these depths come to life at night with an amazing spectacle of hundreds of differently colored lights.
If it weren't for the few dozen aquatic plants, the waters of this planet would be nearly lifeless. However, the few plant species that do exist have conquered every part covered in water. Many of them are highly specialized in surviving a specific depth, which gives every depth its own unique eco-system and all the beauty that comes with it.
While the surface may have gorgeous forests of amazing organisms, the underwater world also has its fair share of forests. Mostly in the form of long, grass-like waterplants, but there are few dozens places on this planet where actual underwater forests grow. The species in these forests aren't actual trees, but they work in similar ways. Roots keep them in place, while a trunk helps carry the nutrients to every part of its body. At the top, branch-like tentacles grow to feed on micro-organisms near the surface. These tentacles often reach above the surface, giving the water a mysterious and eerie look.
The underwater world of this planet is truly a feast for the eyes. Thousands of different soft and hard coral species cover the ocean floors, most of which have a form of bioluminescence, which makes the night even more magical than the day. These bioluminescent corals offer homes to plenty of creatures, which they need to be cleaned, while at the same time trying to attract the very same creatures with their lights so they can eat them. A truly remarkable balance.
